README.md, before:

## To-Do List
- Learn something new
    - [VSCode tips + tricks](https://youtu.be/ifTF3ags0XI)
- Error handling
    - [x] No internet connection error
    - [x] Image with no text error
    - [x] No text error (when translating)
    - [ ] Convert all print statements to message boxes
    - [ ] Empty clipboard error


- [x] Image recognition to text
- [x] Keyboard shortcut to parse clipboard
- [x] Parse text no matter image or text on clipboard
- [x] DeepL API
- [x] Pop-up window with editable textbox (when hotkey is toggled)
- [x] Edit textbox to redo translation
- [x] Key presses
    - [x] Enter to translate
    - [x] Exit with "esc"
- [x] Make unresizable
- [x] Text polish up (6_16)
    - [x] Bigger font size
    - [x] Let textbox support multiple lines
    - [x] Label shouldn't be centered
- [ ] Large text displaying
    - [x] Adjust up to max size
    - Try out grids
    - [ ] If greater than max size, shrink font size (doesn't work)
    - [ ] If still no space, add scroll bar
- [x] Give Project a name
- [x] Labels (Translation) (6_17)
- [ ] ctrl + enter to make a newline (add to instructions menu)
- [ ] Enhance UI design, make it look good!
- [ ] Powered by DeepL sign
- [ ] Create a release

- [ ] Welcome page
    - Instructions (hotkey etc), Features
- [ ] Highlight for definitions
- [ ] Source language detection
    - [ ] Chinese: Pinyin + English
    - [ ] Chinese Traditional: have both Chinese Simplified & English output
    - [ ] Pinying + simplified conversion supported offline
- [ ] Parsing sound effect
- [ ] Priority window
- [ ] Error: just pressing alt triggers shortcut
- [ ] Have a way to quit software

- [ ] Toggle widget without using clipboard (ctrl + alt + q)
- [ ] Save vocab
- [ ] Snip feature
    - [ ] Make PIL image readable to Google Cloud
    - [ ] Ensure snipping won't interfere with desktop
    - [ ] Make it work well with Minecraft
- [ ] Create a settings menu
    - [ ] Automatic read aloud option
    - [ ] Automatically bring you to Google Translate or DeepL translator option
    - [ ] Adjustable font size
    - [ ] Adjustable window size
    - [ ] Custom hotkey
    - [ ] Toggle sound effect
    - [ ] Custom sound effect
    - [ ] Run on startup option (Windows + MacOS support)

- [ ] [Spotify API](https://youtu.be/c5sWvP9h3s8) (Satuday)
    - [ ] Automatically pull up lyrics document (for language learning)
    - [ ] Search for lyrics automatically
- [ ] Update features list


## Application
Using computer vision to help learn the Chinese language.
> Learning languages is like living multiple lives
Features:
- Snip a screnshot for image to text recognition
- Smart image recognition AI
- Works well with Minecraft
- Automatic read aloud option
- Automatically copy words to the clipboard
- Uses DeepL translate engine
- Save words/phrases, which can be exported to a flashcard-friendly csv file
- Streams translated Spotify lyrics
- For Chinese
    - Automatic PinYin (Latinized pronunciation)
    - Chinese Traditional to Chinese Simplified
Extra features:
- Copying unhighlightable text without translating (eg. programming tutorials on YouTube)
- Pop-up window
- What language (Python, Java, C#)
- Possible to hide terminal of python script?

DeepL is the most accurate translator, however it can't save words without using the premium service. Using #Name, you can use the DeepL translator and save words on this software to export later to your favourite flashcard software


## Sales pitch:
The power of learning languages:
- There is something magical to language learning. As an enthusiast once said, "Learning languages is like living multiple lives." Something that was once jibberish now you
can understand and see another world
- Classes are boring: nobody likes classes
- Extrinsic: motivation for language classes

Context:
- Second generation people losing their language and culture, partly due to boring classes
- What if their are different ways?
- What if you could learn languages through watching TV shows and playing Minecraft, singing songs?
- Mission: Making language learning and enchanting experience

Commit message:

Translate shortcut set to ctrl+return

README.md, after:

## To-Do List
- Learn something new
    - [VSCode tips + tricks](https://youtu.be/ifTF3ags0XI)
- Error handling
    - [x] No internet connection error
    - [x] Image with no text error
    - [x] No text error (when translating)
    - [ ] Convert all print statements to message boxes
    - [ ] Empty clipboard error


- [x] Image recognition to text
- [x] Keyboard shortcut to parse clipboard
- [x] Parse text no matter image or text on clipboard
- [x] DeepL API
- [x] Pop-up window with editable textbox (when hotkey is toggled)
- [x] Edit textbox to redo translation
- [x] Key presses
    - [x] Enter to translate
    - [x] Exit with "esc"
- [x] Make unresizable
- [x] Text polish up (6_16)
    - [x] Bigger font size
    - [x] Let textbox support multiple lines
    - [x] Label shouldn't be centered
- [ ] Large text displaying
    - [x] Adjust up to max size
    - Try out grids
    - [ ] If greater than max size, shrink font size (doesn't work)
    - [ ] If still no space, add scroll bar
- [x] Give Project a name
- [x] Labels (Translation) (6_17)
- [x] ctrl + enter to make a newline
- [ ] Enhance UI design, make it look good!
- [ ] Powered by DeepL sign
- [ ] Create a release

- [ ] Welcome page
    - Instructions (hotkey etc), Features
    - ctrl + enter to translate
- [ ] Source language detection
    - [ ] Chinese: Pinyin + English
    - [ ] Chinese Traditional: have both Chinese Simplified & English output
    - [ ] Pinying + simplified conversion supported offline
- [ ] Highlight for definitions (to show tranlation of that text, and definitions if available)
- [ ] Toggle widget without using clipboard (ctrl + alt + q)
- [ ] Read aloud
- [ ] Parsing sound effect
- [ ] Priority window
- [ ] Error: just pressing alt triggers shortcut
- [ ] Have a way to quit software

- [ ] Save vocab
- [ ] Snip feature
    - [ ] Make PIL image readable to Google Cloud
    - [ ] Ensure snipping won't interfere with desktop
    - [ ] Make it work well with Minecraft
- [ ] Create a settings menu
    - [ ] Automatic read aloud option
    - [ ] Automatically bring you to Google Translate or DeepL translator option
    - [ ] Adjustable font size
    - [ ] Adjustable window size
    - [ ] Custom hotkey
    - [ ] Toggle sound effect
    - [ ] Custom sound effect
    - [ ] Run on startup option (Windows + MacOS support)

- [ ] [Spotify API](https://youtu.be/c5sWvP9h3s8) (Satuday)
    - [ ] Automatically pull up lyrics document (for language learning)
    - [ ] Search for lyrics automatically
- [ ] Update features list


## Application
Using computer vision to help learn the Chinese language.
> Learning languages is like living multiple lives
Features:
- Snip a screnshot for image to text recognition
- Smart image recognition AI
- Works well with Minecraft
- Automatic read aloud option
- Automatically copy words to the clipboard
- Uses DeepL translate engine
- Save words/phrases, which can be exported to a flashcard-friendly csv file
- Streams translated Spotify lyrics
- For Chinese
    - Automatic PinYin (Latinized pronunciation)
    - Chinese Traditional to Chinese Simplified
Extra features:
- Copying unhighlightable text without translating (eg. programming tutorials on YouTube)
- Pop-up window
- What language (Python, Java, C#)
- Possible to hide terminal of python script?

DeepL is the most accurate translator, however it can't save words without using the premium service. Using #Name, you can use the DeepL translator and save words on this software to export later to your favourite flashcard software


## Sales pitch:
The power of learning languages:
- There is something magical to language learning. As an enthusiast once said, "Learning languages is like living multiple lives." Something that was once jibberish now you
can understand and see another world
- Classes are boring: nobody likes classes
- Extrinsic: motivation for language classes

Context:
- Second generation people losing their language and culture, partly due to boring classes
- What if their are different ways?
- What if you could learn languages through watching TV shows and playing Minecraft, singing songs?
- Mission: Making language learning and enchanting experience
